As a destination for online video training courses, brain games, educational video tutorials, audio podcast and instuctional e-Books the Global Learning Center caters to anyone who wants to learn a new skill or strengthen the ones they already have.

GLC is an education company involved in the Multi-Billion Dollar e-Learning Market selling life-time Memberships its Digital Library for a low one-time price. E-Learning as a powerful tool use so that anyone can Learn anywhere, anytime on any device.

WHY JOIN OUR AFFILIATE PROGRAM?
Promote our ‘super high value’ Life Time all Library access- Paid Memberships starting at just $99, and you'll be rewarded through our Rewards Pay Plan.

WHAT IS AFFILIATE MARKETING?
Affiliate Marketing is a great way to earn money through the Internet, where you can receive commissions for referring someone else's product or service.

HOW IT WORKS
As an Affiliate, you get your very own unique Business Building e-Commerce website (GLC hosts affiliate website for you for FREE) and when you promote our Learning Library on your social media, website, blog, though email or by talking with others and when people go to your GLC referal website and purchase a membership, you earn commissions throught the GLC Rewards Pay Plan. 

What do i have to do?
All you have to do is refer potential customers to our web site using your unique affiliate URL and we will then take care of the rest. We will take the orders, process the credit cards using a secure payment system and provide any support to customers.

You also get a unique sign up URL in order to recruit new affiliates. You will then earn 10% on any sales that your sub affiliates make after they sign up to our program.

The more people you have working for you, the more income you will make.

What if my referrals don't buy on the first visit?
Not many people buy on their first visit, but don't worry, as soon as the person you referred to us using your affiliate url, visits us, a cookie is placed onto their computer with your unique affiliate ID in it. This cant be overwritten by any of our other affiliates either, so you will always get the commission for everything they buy from us. That means that no matter how and when they come back to our site, when they buy, you will always get the commission on their sales, even if it is in 2 years time! You can rest assured that you will get any commissions due to you.

How do i get paid?
We pay all of our affiliates using Pay Pal, bank check or Bank Wire. If you haven't got an account then don't worry, its free to join Pay Pal and you can sign up here now, or after you have joined our affiliate program. Payments to our affiliates are sent out on or around the 8th of the month for the previous months sales.

There is also a minimum payment option of £25. This means that you must earn at least £25 in commissions before we can pay you.

I don't know much about internet marketing though!
We will provide you with some valuable training resources.

Do i need a web site?
You don't actually need to have a web site to market our products as an affiliate. Indeed, some of the most successful affiliate marketing strategies -- e-mail marketing and classified ads -- don't depend on your having a web site at all.

However, we would like to encourage you to set up a web site as soon as possible. A web site provides you with a 'hub' -- a place where visitors can get more information about your products, and discover how knowledgeable you are about these products, without having to contact you directly.

If you market your web site successfully, you'll get thousands of people coming to your site each month -- which translates into more sales as an affiliate. So, the faster you set up a web site, the better your chances of getting more sales faster.

Are there any rules?
Yes, you will need to read and agree to our rules before you join our program. Have a look at our abuse policy policy too. We also will not tolerate any form of Spamming. Any of our members who are caught using this form of advertising will have their accounts terminated immediately, and any money owed to them will be forfeit. There are plenty of other ways to advertise online and offline, without resorting to Spam!

How much will i earn? 
This is a real opportunity to earn some serious money. It all depends on how much you want it to work and how much time you put into it. If you really work at it, you could easily make a 4 figure sum or more each month. The greater the effort - the greater the reward! There are no limits to your earning potential.

Do i have to buy anything first?
No, many other programs make you buy something first in order to sell the product, but we don't. We don't believe its fair to charge you to work for us! Its completely FREE to join our program and you can start selling our products immediately. You have nothing to loose, so sign up today!

How do i sign up?
Just continue to the next page and enter your details in the form provided. Details of your account will then be emailed to you.

Sign Up Now Here!